This is the physical environment in which I worked. Buried at sea, enable
ship and shook our environment. Aria in the engineering spaces was
was on the conventional ships. Very hot way. Had stress programs,
of course, But is there any spaces? Were man 25 hours a day, of course.
Topside. Spaces of bridge war. The combat mission set in the heart
of the ship. They were at condition spaces. In fact, versus what?
Don't worry. You wear sweaters inside the ship. Just a stay warm because
you have yours. Oh, um, physically, the ships, the ships environment
under way is very demanding. You have to be in shape. Physically
fit. Well, that's one of the reasons we have. Ah, his memories.